the thing we really wanted to do was
give the player decisions to make give
the player choices and have some
consequences to those choices and some
have a lightweight or subtle
consequences and some are purely
aesthetic choice matter because in the
media video game you can make choices
where the movies doesn't allow you to
make sure it is so having the
consequences to what you do and and
seeing the how the simulation deals with
with your choices it feels like the
player has full ownership of his
experience my goal is that everything
that the player wants to do you should
be able to do it as you can go
everywhere then it has to be functional
everywhere if you see the door it's it's
an opponent bold or if you see the roof
you should be able to climb there and he
knows that this is a valid path as you
guide Corvo through the world as you see
this world from a first-person
perspective and can constantly approach
the game with all out violence or
subtlety like you know you can be very
surgical and how you move into an
environment and how you deal with the
assassination target skier vamos auntie
Alice oh no don t so no decir la
possibilità polo peluche world o tremo
von teese sunny strong yeah yo yo vamos
way to zoo de la semana Nautica movie we
put happy ryo-san jamir three person
well alright were in bed salvaggio in
yeah Takeo to moon the missile what the
country custom don't I feel like we
might have made the first assassination
game where you don't actually have to
kill anybody Don Korea Leland is not a
ser parte Giuliano sauce for carriages
rimowa two schools were a capable affair
jesus what a party pooper scooper the
crews were to wait as if your teeth are
poco para Posey I don't is another
opportunity didn't do touch with the
defense vessel a sequence Eli last lap
laughs izumo show TV it there's really
no reason for you to listen to me if you
ever need steady work you come see me
recruit oscuro Scalia vah vah dia y pico
della conversation I pour obtenir da
calcio el Pavo Chico sandy solfeggio
sasuke's paso como Olivia Rizzuto see
Sammy Chong we don't really drop low key
d0 the the combination de pouvoir CIA
dubai example don't create wat wat eaten
a commissary zara ballot for today's
show or daily if you order me a flesh
wound Okinawa result isn't in Allah PS
home where it reaches zero sudden
Bridgette accommodation welcome Padma
wire brush Moscow invited a tornado's
College well wat kappa blue fire so when
people play dishonored and once in a
while they figure out something that
just feels utterly creative to them and
that they wouldn't have expected to be
able to do in the game that is a magic
moment for us that's what we live for I
watched a guy the other day do something
I've never seen in dishonor before he
was running away after killing off a
couple of high-profile assassination
targets two members of parliament and he
was up high on a balcony and the jump
would have killed him because it was
maybe four stories up but he had the
possession power and in our game when
you possessed somebody it's not like you
leave your body behind and possess them
with your mind it's a corporeal thing so
you move
into them and then you pilot them around
and so he jumped off of this balcony
four stories up and plummeted to the
ground and I thought he was gonna dive
on the pavement next to the river but he
was angling for this guard that was
walking a patrol down there and as he
got close to the guard he activated the
possession power and moved into the guy
and it kills the inertia of the fall and
he lived and walked past the other
guards who didn't know anything was
wrong and that is a moment you can't
have in another game what what what
what's happening once a programmer came
back to us and he shot a little video of
something that was really funny me to
show us so what he did was that he
summoned a set of rats then he froze
time then he pulled out the spring razor
which is this kind of mind that you can
stick to things that we could actually
froze the rat stick the the mind to the
right then he possess the rat and then
he moved the right around and close to a
guard and ejected as the mind exploded I
think what a special dishonored is that
the moment moment emotion is great in a
shooter for example you know that
shooting and a guy will kill you and you
have to take cover and progress and work
but in Dishonored you can combine things
in a way that even the result can be
unpredictable for us the thing that is a
thrill is whenever we are surprised by
the game we see that the first time like
a character responding to something the
all those powers will chain together and
and still simulation works for us it's
our it's real
knowing what I like to do when I'm
playing games share experiences every
player experience with the pretty
difference I would love the player to
feel that